> [!CAUTION]
> **Turn away before it's too late!**
> 
> You've stumbled upon this project at an extremely early stage! Re-visit it
> when it's more mature. Right now, I'm just trying things out and the whole
> project might end up going in a totally different direction. That, or I'll
> just lose interest.

# React-Plug
A new way to build plug-ins using Rust and React.

React-Plug is a crate that allows you to build Rust audio plug-ins with React
GUIs using [nih-plug](https://github.com/robbert-vdh/nih-plug) and
[nih-plug-webview](https://github.com/httnn/nih-plug-webview). It bundles and
includes your React GUI, automatically generates
[TypeScript](https://typescriptlang.org) bindings for it, handles Plugin/GUI
communication and more. It's meant to be a batteries-included easy-to-use
framework. Here are some of its standout features:

  - Macros for easy parameter generation
  - ~~Automatically generated TypeScript bindings~~
  - ~~Hot-reloading (dev mode)~~

## Parameters

For ease of use, you will be defining your parameters via a procedural macro,
as this framework uses a DSL (domain specific language) for parameter
definitions. Here's an example:

```rust
rp_params! {
    ExampleParams {
        gain: FloatParam {
            name: "Gain",
            value: util::db_to_gain(0.0),
            range: FloatRange::Skewed {
                min: util::db_to_gain(-30.0),
                max: util::db_to_gain(30.0),
                factor: FloatRange::gain_skew_factor(-30.0, 30.0),
            },
            smoother: SmoothingStyle::Logarithmic(50.0),
            unit: " dB",
            value_to_string: formatters::v2s_f32_gain_to_db(2),
            string_to_value: formatters::s2v_f32_gain_to_db(),
        },
        muted: BoolParam {
            name: "Muted",
            value: false
        },
    }
}
```

One downside is that the `new` function of your parameters will be generated by
React-Plug and you can really only define your parameter defaults inside the
`rp_params!` macro. You also won't be able to add other fields to your params
struct. If any proc macro wizard/witch/wix want to help me out with this, file
a pull request, create an issue, or cast a spell on my codebase. I'd love for
there to be a more flexible solution.
